# InfluencerToolkit
itk ("Influencer Toolkit") automates sending of direct messages to your Twitter followers.

Usage:

  node itk.js messaging_campaign_filename.json

  node itk.js { messaging campaign json specified directly on command line }

  node itk.js -refreshFollowers <optional username>

app_auth.json must be present in the working directory and contain Twitter
app authorization keys as follows:

{
    consumer_key:string,
    consumer_secret:string
}

user_auth.json must be present in the working directory and contain Twitter
user authorization keys as follows:

{
    access_token_key:string,
    access_token_secret:string,
}

The first time you run itk, it will first retreive all of your followers
and their follower counts in order to rank them by influence. Api rate
limits mean this may take awhile if you have many followers (around 300k
followers per hour due to api rate limits).

Your followers are cached and won't be retreived again unless you run with the
-refreshFollowers option. For fun, you can also retreive and cache other users followers
by specifying their username after -refreshFollowers. If you abort the caching
of followers, you can resume by just re-running itk, but you should do so as quickly
as possible since the longer you wait the more likely circumstances could arise that make
resuming not possible (ie, the follower list itself changing substantially).

The messaging campaign json is as follows:

{
    message:string - message content - this is the only required field,
                     all other fields below are optional

    count:number - limits sending to <number> followers. if not specified,
                   will send to all followers who have not already been
                   contacted for this campaign, subject to Twitters 1000 msg
                   per 24-hour-period limitations

    campaign_id:string - the identifier for this messaging campaign.
                         used to ensure each follower only receives
                         a single message for this campaign. if you
                         send to only a few followers at first, you can
                         change the message content for the campaign
                         for the remaining followers, and it will not
                         re-send to followers who have already been 
                         contacted in this campaign. if you don't specify
                         a campaign id, one will be generated by hashing
                         the message content.

    filter:
    {
        tags:Array<string> - only messages followers whose Twitter bio contains words
                             matching any of the tags specified
    }

    sort:string - "influence" orders recipients by their follower count, "recent"
                  orders them by how recently they followed you. If not specified,
                  default is "influence".
}
            
examples:

node itk.js {\"message\":\"Please visit http://mywebsite.com\",\"count\":10}

  This sends "Please visit http://mywebsite.com" to the top 10 most influential
  people following you. Run the same command a second time to send the same message
  to the next 10 most influential people following you.

node itk.js {\"message\":\"Buy Bitcoin!\",\"count\":10,\"filter\":{\"tags\":[\"bitcoin\"]}}

  This sends "Buy Bitcoin!" to the top 10 most influential following you who have
  "bitcoin" in their Twitter bio.

note itk.js -refreshFollowers balajis

  This will retreive all of balajis's followers and save them to
  balajis.followers.json, overwriting any previous cache saved there. If a previous
  follower cache operation was aborted in progress, it will attempt to resume.

  Using -refreshFollowers without specifying a user will refresh your own followers.
